For the money I was getting paid, I can choose. I have to just reach out to different companies and what I can do my best and just checking myself if I could able to get paid more for the same work I was doing. That's the main goal here. And is there any possibilities here? Just check it by that way. And based on the things they were expecting or if they're willing to pay me more, I could just drop the job I was doing already and jump to that company even faster. Or if I was doing freelancing based, I could get paid even more because I wasn't signing any contract to the company. I'm going to work for this company for an entire year. And they are also not going to feel bad because I'm just a freelancer, they can just get me in, get me out, whatever the time they were willing to do it. And do it in foreign clients. End of the year, within the next six months or eight months, getting a foreign client who is willing to pay me, like let's say, it's not paying for a single project thousand dollars. It is about being a part of, like generating more income, do the same work, get highly paid for it, and also gain the experience, check the availability of the market by constantly probing with different companies and many other things. So this is the goal of it. And consistently doing, by doing this, end of the year, per month, two thousand dollars or thousand dollars is the goal. If I was consistently making it, either I can acquire more people to work the same thing I was doing, and trying to get the jobs and drive it to the people who could be willing to do it for the money, like a salaried person or someone, or even a freelancer. If it was going above the, like there is a ceiling for how much a freelancer could make, and also amount of jobs they could handle. If it was exceeding both of it, like I reached the ceiling and also I just wanted to make it, I'm getting good enough clients means, I just need to drive that traffic by employing someone or getting a freelancer also. So first get the jobs by yourself, do it, understand it well enough, and when you are getting enough traffic and also high paying, just find out where you can outsource this for a very lower, good enough price money, because acquiring a employee, the same thing, just outsource it. I'm just diverting the traffic to somewhere else, that's how you build a company. And if it's possible, you can just make your own team in the future if you want to, or else you can just drive, get the high paying clients, drive a small job to some other who could able to do the same job conveniently and good enough. And that's it. That's the very best plan for hanibiz.com, which makes more sense than trying to get a low paying client and getting a lot of stress in it., And this is what I realized. So, I, within two calls, I just, I ignored the thing of calling 25 businesses. Instead of that, because just, let's compare this. For the next upcoming six months, let's say you are cold calling businesses and you are trying to provide a service as a solo person, where you don't have money. And could you be able to acquire knowledge and direct them to do a particular job? Let's say even if you're getting a website order or some tech services, there is two ways you can complete this job, either by yourself or getting help from somewhere else. Both, the only thing that doesn't needs for money is, myself, and doesn't need, you can select what the job you are doing and things like that. So, instead of doing a worst job and damaging your reputation, you can learn and also earn. Let's say in the next six months time period, which is going to get you more money and which is much more guaranteed way without a lot of failing is being a part of some other's job, and which is a very better way. That's the important thing. So, do it by that way. When you had enough money, either you can run ads by yourself or acquire some other people who can do the jobs for you. And while you are, either you have to have the experience to do the job that you are trying to promising, or if you are not having that, you can acquire someone who has the knowledge by spending money. So, that's the only way. And if you are just persistent trying to do the job by yourself, it is also going to reduce your growth and also it's going to stress you more, where you couldn't, you are going to break sooner. That's the important thing, like which is going to break you faster, like making a promise with the business and not going to get a good enough clients and many other things are there. Or just to get a freelancing job which starts small, learn from it, where it is a good guaranteed money and based on what is the job you are going to do, even if you couldn't able to do it or couldn't able to do is not an option because it is going to make a problematic thing. But for a business to handle that risk is easier because they have to reach out to someone same as me. And every businesses are not going to take risks depending on a complete freelancer because they know how important the job is and based on the importance of the job, the money is also going to be bigger. So, it makes a lot of sense by going this way. That's the main thing. And building relationship with the companies who are willing to give me jobs and freelancing, who knows me well, what jobs I can do, they're going to give me small jobs and see if I could be able to complete it or not. And then only they're going to give me the same type of job or ask me about some other jobs what you could be able to do. And that's it. , So, these are the things I realized, and also while I was talking to you, I was also figuring out some of the points and clearing out this thought. So, let it be, and this is around the time period of 4.30 to 5.30 or something. And after that, I was genuinely just don't want to jump into any actions. And I also almost completed the work for my company, and for the rest of the day, I'm most likely not going to do any jobs for the company. I'm going to do it most likely tomorrow. And it is no problem with me. And the time right now is 6.40, and right on 6.15 or 6.20, I started to do the journaling thing. I was doing it for around 20 minutes, about my thought process, coming to conclusions, what I need to do, things like that. So, let me tell you what is the rest of the day is going to be. From, I have the time period of 6.30 to 12 o'clock. Let's consider just 7 o'clock to 12 o'clock today's night. And I think I just need to complete, I was visual doing visual edits on the already recorded video, which can be done in this time period. So, from 7 to 8 o'clock or 8.30, I'm going to do the video editing thing. I don't know if I could be able to complete it or not, because I wanted to put in a lot of effort in these videos. I'm focusing on shorts videos because it has more lifetime on the platform than Instagram, because Instagram pushes your video for a maximum one or two days. After that, the value is most likely not valuable at all. But in shorts, it has more shelf time and shorts rewards value of a content. So, that is something I'm going to do. I'm focusing on short-form content for YouTube shorts. And it also could be able to work on Instagram. And this is something I wanted to tell to you, which is I am calculating everything. I'm going to calculate everything based on two days, because if I was trying to cram everything, I was already doing most of the stuffs inside a day. And in my experience, what I realized is if you are trying to do all the stuff that you wanted to inside of a day, you are most likely going to fail. And it gives you more stress inside of the time and not a breathing space. The better way to do it is by doing it for two days. So, that's why every single, every night, I'm just going to try to script and also record. If I got any disturbance, if I couldn't able to do it, that's fine. I will do some other stuff I could able to do for the day, and I complete the work in the next day. So, one day task is combined into two days. So, even if unfortunate times or unfortunate things happen, I'm counting in two days into one days, right? So, the tasks can be done inside that time period. It doesn't mean I will plan the entire thing. It's just switching the schedule from instead of today's 10 o'clock at this time, this task needed to be done. Instead of that, I just reschedule the thing to the next day and borrow that tomorrow's tasks, put into today's task. So that the work also done, and I'm not skipping it. And even if I skip it, like, I feel like this process is much more better way to do everyday stuffs and entrepreneur stuff and many other things. And I just wanted to try it. I don't know if it's going to be a problem or a progressive problem or things like that. But based on my years of experience, this is something I needed to try, and I'm going to try. Just remember this. This is one of the record. And as I told you, today is 8.30 or 9 o'clock. Until then, I'm just going to do the video editing stuff. After that, I will try to write scripts. And if possible, I will record it today's night, two of them minimum. If I couldn't able to do it, because the sound and many other things are problematic or there's a situation, I'm going to do it, do the visual editing in the time period. So that's the biggest benefit of this. If I do the visual editing, if I couldn't able to do the audio thing, I could just do the visual thing. So that's the main goal. I can swap out today's work to some other day or things like that. , And the final thing I want to say is, why I didn't take the cognitive supplements earlier today is, because I can easily feel the energy up and cognitive thing because of the supplements, or I don't know, I was excited too much. I can feel in the time period of even after 12 o'clock, when I was taking the supplement thing on 6.30. So that I decided to take it even before, so that's why I took it on 4.30 something, so that it will most likely start to work on 5 o'clock or 6 o'clock. I can already see that now time is 6.50, and I can feel I'm energized, and I could able to do a lot of hard stuff. My eyes are tired, but my brain is fully energized, and my body is also not, doesn't feel weaker or fatigued, which is a very good important thing, which is what we are expecting also. Yeah, which is a very good improvement. And the same stack as yesterday, creating a scoop of creatine, which is 5 grams I guess, and two tablets of L-theanine, two tablets of Alpha-GPC, one tablet of caffeine. This is the supplement stack I took. It genuinely feels better when I was taking it. Why I was just, doesn't know why I was saying this again and again is because I don't know how effective it is. Like, it definitely plays a very big role, I can easily sense it. But the thing I don't know why it is, like how much effective it is. Like, in the afternoons, I wasn't, in the, like, after 1 o'clock, I can, from 1.30 to 5 o'clock, I wasn't super active or highly productive. I was doing shallow work and doing it a lighter way. But after 6.30 or 6.15, when I started to journal, I don't know if it is because of I like this stuff. I genuinely do this stuff of journaling and talking to AI and collecting my thoughts, brain dump here. But even before I was taking this consistently, this supplement thing, if I wasn't working, like, even before I was taking the same stack of cognitive supplements, what happened that is, I can clearly feel it, but it doesn't actually promote me to do the stuff. It just makes me not feeling depressed. The one thing I wanted to say is, I'm not feeling depressed while I was taking this cognitive supplement. And this is what previously happened and I wanted to tell you. I can genuinely just feel good enough refreshment, good enough energy, and everything is there. But I was now only using it for work also, which gives me a very great boost. I don't know if I wasn't taking the tablet, if I tried to do the same stuff as now and the previous day, without the supplement, how effective I'm going to be. I just need to test it someday. And I also don't want to test it because I don't want to reduce the outputs. I'm just confused here how to get the feedback so that I can decide, do I need to take this supplement stack every single day or I will do it based on my energy level or something. But it is something I like so much. And this is the last journal thing I wanted to do right now. I will give an update around the time period of 10.30 or 11 o'clock or even 11.30. And I also think about while I was doing video editing, I will do Cloud Code to improvise the SEO and other things. And I also wanted to ask a lot of questions to AI about SEO traffic and many other things. That's it.