So this is the entire thing I want to record in the journal. So I woke up around 7.30 or something like that. And I talked to my grandmother, which is a normal conversation, not that much of a big deal, yeah, good enough conversation. And I talked to my mother, and it was not that much of disappointing or something, it was also a normal conversation. And the third thing is, after that I get into work, which I created this application, this journal application. This is the first thing I've done it for myself. And before that, I actually taken care of my skin, which I do glutathione, vitamin C tablets, two of them. I mean, a glutathione one tablet, and a vitamin C tablet is one. And two serums, niacinamide serum and vitamin C serum, and moisturizer, these are the things. And I shaved a little. And I don't think I washed my hair, I guess. I don't really remember it. Just keep it in mind. And after that, I had breakfast. And during breakfast, I watched some of productive YouTube videos, you could say, like Alex Hormozi and Sabri Suby, one of YouTubers, both of them in entrepreneur niche. And I watched those for the, like, spent around 20 minutes or something in that. After that, I worked in the application, which is this journaling app. Nothing is bigger. After that, I was also working in my job, which is, let's just keep it as a job work. And I done it for within 1.30 something. And after that, I had breakfast. During that time, I feel exhausted pretty much. And I just watched some good productive videos in that time also. The overall time is spent around 20 minutes or maybe 30 minutes or more in the entire day watching productive YouTube videos. And after that, I seen some SEO videos on YouTube, learned some keywords and things like that. And I wanted to get in sleep, but I just pushed through it because I wanted to work more. So what happened is, I tried to do SEO for my another site, which is Hanubish.com. Just process this, I will tell you more. , I wanted to do SEO for Hanubiz.com, but Claude Code actually takes a lot more time to do work. I don't know. Compared to, it was very good at working and also consumes a little more time to give an output. And I was using Antigravity also for a little job to my main business, I mean the main job, not the business for myself. Hanubiz.com and the journal was Claude Code, and pretty much I hasn't done anything on Hanubiz.com SEO. Claude Code said a little bit of bugs we fixed in it. I think actually hasn't done any pretty good SEO in it. Four or five websites has, it said, four or five websites we have updated, created for SEO, side links, but it wasn't actually that much big of an impact, I guess. Meaning, I wasn't fully finished with the job, the task I wanted to do. And because my job inquiry came in for a question about a particular job I needed to do. So I shifted into that, completely closed the Hanubiz.com and get into the job area, where I started to work on it. And in between this time period of afternoon, I just scrolled a lot of short-form videos, because I pretty much accessed and couldn't want to do anything super good or something like that. So it was like half work, half not concentrated work, something like that. After 3.30, I take a little bit of 30 minutes of a small nap. I don't know, it was 10 minutes or 15 minutes or even 5 minutes. I just slip on it and I just wake up again. Does it actually give me any brain boost or something? Actually, no. I just feel the same way as before. But it was good to get a very small nap. And this all happened in the time period of 3 to 6 o'clock. And after that, after 6 o'clock, I just try to figure out what to do, what to work on in the evening. And that's pretty much how the 6 o'clock period is going on. And yeah, that's it. I can't give you an accurate example of how many hours I was working on. And this is what I was pretty much doing. And most of the works were I was monitoring Claude Code and other agents to do certain tasks, pretty much tweaking here and there, here and there, and giving directions to the AI to build something. And this is what it is.
