And I also think what is the rest of the day and what are the plans, I wanted to tell that also. Okay, when the day starts, I actually thought about, I actually talked to a friend for an eight minutes, and I just wanted to add that also for this day. And the plan for the day actually is to write scripts, because I planned to, because video editing is, I can't show my, there is two things, right, where you can put a video. Either you can film yourself or just put in stock images to create those videos. Both of them consume same type, or not actually same type of effort in it, because a video is, if I put, if I want to record my footage, it gives me a lot of disadvantages than advantages. One is video quality, and second one is filming timing. There is a lot of disturbance going on because I don't have a personal space. So let's just keep it in mind that I don't want to film videos right now because that's not suitable for me. So that I wanted to record videos using my voice over, voice as the main thing, and the second thing is the footages. And I just wanted to focus highly on script. So a very good script is very much important, and that's what I thought, but I couldn't able to write any. I was trying to do the productive work of, because while monitoring the AI do the work, I also wanted to write the scripts for the trading thing, but I don't have the mental energy to do it. So I just skipped it, and also I do wanted to... The thing is, I just know how to do it. How to do it is just to see some of the YouTube videos to get an idea about how to script a video. I wanted to record a long-form video and also a short-form video. Like the plan is, every month I need to at least make four long-form videos for YouTube, and every single day two videos for Instagram. This is the plan for the trading thing. And also I wanted to do comments and just make it an engaging thing. I need to build that habit. This is the plan I was thinking about, but what is the action I did in this area is nothing. And that's what I planned to do for the rest of the day until 12 o'clock of this particular day, because my job overs at the time of 7.30 today. And there is no updates right now, and I don't have to worry about anything because the next day only I need to give the report. So we don't have to worry about that. We have to only think about the trading right now. So the first thing I wanted to do is, it was noisy right now. It wasn't actually that much of a big deal to record a voiceover, but I need a script. I was thinking about two things right now. Just process this, I will tell you more. , record these too So, the thing is, if you focus on the script too much, you are going to think about perfection, and it is a very terrible way for being consistent. And also quality does matter. So what is the time window we have right now? Like, I think 7.15 right now. We have a time window of 7.30 to 8.30, 8.30 to 9.30, 9.30 to 10.30, 10.30 to 11.30, 11.30 to 12.30, or just 12, which is around 5 hours is there. Within the time period, what I need to focus on is, we are going to do just 4 minutes of voice recording, and also footage is there. The voice is the main thing. Based on that only we could be able to create the videos. So the voice is depending on the script. So I just need to work on the script first. We just need to equally split the 5 hours. We don't actually need to plan it right now. And also try to, there is two things we can do here. One is, at nights only it is very convenient for me to record audio. Either I can write 2-3 scripts right now, meaning 4 or 5 scripts right now, and within around 9.80 or 10.30, where I can just build the script and things like that, and record the voiceover for it for this entire day. No video editing right now, because we can utilize the night time, and in the next day morning, then only we can start thinking about videos, footages. By that way, we can create the videos for the next day, and also a stock of voiceover where I can work on the audio, which is, in the daytime I can easily able to work on the videos. So that's the plan for the day. And hopefully I need to at least create 4 scripts or 6 scripts within the time period of 9 or 9.30 to 10, and just record it in the rest of the time. And it needed to be a perfect voiceover record. Not that much, because we can clip it and things like that. That's the work for the entire day. And also I need to give instructions to AI about honeybees.com SEO. If possible, any time is left there, or if AI does it even faster, we can do also SEO for the another site, which is fxabsolute.com. And also I would like to, if I had any time left or just this, I don't want to push over here, just to do this particular work in a higher quality. That's the work I was wanted to give to myself.
