So this is a record of what I done in the entire day. So, I don't know where I stopped. I think I washed my body and had a breakfast. These are the things I have updated, right? And after around 10 o'clock, I started working on my main job, which is the freelancing thing. And what happened to that is, it was completely occupying to me today. I can't actually get into anything else. And I also gathered all leads and done some stuff related to the Hanabiz.com job thing. Because we have to, I told you, right? Minimum 20 cold calls or 25 cold calls today. That's the target I was fixing for myself for the business perspective of Hanabiz.com. But what happened is, I couldn't able to switch to different tasks. Like, I could able to, but I was completely occupied in the, not like, let's say, in a percentage basics, I have 65 to almost 75 percentage occupied by the main job I was doing. They told me a lot of issues and I was also waiting for some informations from the company side. And this was around 1 o'clock, this entire time period that was I was doing. And I thought I fixed myself a goal of from 10 to 1 o'clock, I should need to do cold calls of minimum of 25 calls. And what happened is, I couldn't able to allocate myself to do cold calls. And after in the afternoon time period, I just remembered I have to take the glutathione tablet and vitamin C tablet. I took it in the timing of 1.30 to 2.30. And I genuinely felt a lot of energy drain. And these are the things I was lose the entire day. But the things I was doing unnecessary were a little bit of rest, where I wasn't doing anything consciously. It could be around 20 minutes or something in the entire time cycle of 6.30 to, what is the time now, 6 o'clock. That's the unnecessary time I was spending, the 20 minutes. Other than that, I was fully conscious or half conscious about taking decisions how to make it. Meaning I wasn't actually moving any needle on my business, but I was actually moving the needles in my job's perspective. And done some of the jobs. So in the time period of 1.30 to 3.30, I had my lunch and some other. In the time period of that, I seen some of the videos about marketing and mindset type of videos. It gives me good enough knowledge and reinforcing the thoughts I need to have. And that is some productive videos. It was around a time period of one hour and 30 minutes. And in Instagram, I have a routine, engagement routine to boost up the trading thing we are planning for. So I done two sessions of comment and like. Only two sessions. Four comments. Yes, session contains four comments. I mean one comment and four likes for each account. Meaning four comments overall and each account contains four likes in it. I done two sessions of it. And yeah, pretty much that's it. After I had, I had a lunch around 2.45 to 3 o'clock. I didn't notice the time when I had finished my lunch and started working again. And after, sooner I took, I genuinely felt a lot of cognitive energy loss. We are already taking creatine, L-theanine, and alpha-GPC, and caffeine tablets, right? This is the energy, mental cognitive energy stack I was using. The previous day thing I took around the time period of 6 o'clock. And it was genuinely super lasting until 12 o'clock. And I can, I don't know if the supplement stack that helped me in the morning to work quicker and better. But also the sleep is also a thing. And highly conscious while I was also sleeping is something I already noticed you in the previous record. And just process this, I will tell you more., Okay, some other details I wanted to notice here is, I found a big breakthrough, the direction I want to move in. The thing is, I scraped the leads and I wanted to cold call. So, I just wanted to push through it. So, what I did is, no matter, I just wanted to do the cold call without even thinking about it. Like, the entire goal of the day is, just no matter the results are, you are not pushed to get any results out of it, the only goal for you is to just do 25 cold calls. So, what I did is, in the previous cold calls, I have figured it out that converting someone who doesn't have any idea to build a website is super tough because these people don't have any idea or what is the process to go through it. So, what I've done this time is, I targeted the companies who had already websites and just trying to cold call them. I just did two cold calls and the majority of the thing I was facing is, I wasn't talking to the owner or someone who is actually taking the decisions. And the companies who have already websites are the companies who already had ties with the startups or some other businesses who made them the site. Meaning, they don't actually wanted to jump to someone else because they don't fully understand the switching or their needs themselves. So, that's the tech stack they wanted. So, I pretty much quickly understand two things which is the receptionist blockage and the second thing that is actually blocking is, they don't actually wanted to jump to a different tech support provider. So, it is understandable. But the most important thing I had realized is when I was going through their sites that were already existing done by other companies, it was very pretty much well made and I can genuinely see there is a very high amount of efforts are going there like the designs, the perspective, the visuals, like the websites were representing their business itself. For each single business, each one of them were completely unique and I can genuinely see a lot of human work is inside that because I was very well experienced in seeing a lot of business websites and what is made by AI, what is made with the help of AI, and what is completely made only with the help of human hands. And I can pretty much easily differ between the sites that were completely made by AI and the sites that were completely made by humans. The life and unique tastes and unnecessary things and the unique perspective and what they wanted to talk to the customers and the people who are visiting the websites. There is a lot of elements going on in a human-made website and I very well realized that you can merge these things with AI but the problem is it's not, there is a lot of things going on. The things are the design, like they pretty much a minimum of four to five human-made UI is there. That is something super important like the UI section under the design, graphic elements, drawings, vectorial, vector representation of drawings, icons, symbols, directives, and many other things are there. And even the design itself, like some of them had different type of animations are there which is super specific and not generic. I genuinely realized that these type of, that is what expected from big brands. So these are the things I noticed. Just process this, I will tell you more about what is the conclusion I come up to. , So, the biggest conclusion I come up to is, I couldn't able to really do it all by myself. I just asked myself one question, which is, could I able to do a site which is my competitor made, right? Could I able to provide the same value as them within the time frame they were expecting? And could I just have the capabilities and knowledge and experience? Because someone who, I can see in the competitor sites, I can see someone is pretty very good at understanding customers' perspective on designs and UI. Like, it represents the brand, it represents the visual, a lot of things in the visuals itself. Like, the designer work is something I noticed super high. Like, you can do a lot of designer stuff. Majority of startups or companies actually doesn't value it that much. But it is something I don't have yet, and each single section has a lot of work in it. Like, the graphical elements, the functions. The functions can be easily made. The hardest part is getting the visualization and getting the satisfaction of the customers without disturbing them a lot. That's the main important thing I realized. Like, if I could able to, if I want to do the same thing, I would like to torture the customer about their visuals, their understanding, a lot of questionings. If I want to do the same thing as my competitor, I should have to probe a lot, a lot of revisions are going to be there, to complete the same site my competitors were doing. And the difference is not too much big. I was also telling you that the difference was not too much big. The thing is, there is a lot of human work and the timeline of the project is also big. So, getting one single project at a price point of, let's say, 50,000 or even a lakh rupees is harder, harder for me right now, because I don't have actually had the good enough stack and good enough visual representation. And I don't want to give a half-assed product also. Even though I was good at the tech area, the main important thing I realized is the UI and getting the visuals and satisfaction out of the customer, what they want, how can we make their site unique. Being clean and giving the job to AI, yeah, is that. But the more you are tweaking AI, the more confused it gets. And AI still says some of the things I can't do. You can direct it, you can get outcome out of it, whatever the thing you want to make it do. But the thing is, the more specific the request is, the more unique the request is, the more guidance the AI needs. So, these are the things I have realized. So, can I build something similar to them? Yeah. The time period, the probing, and the feedback from customers is something I need higher, because I need more guidance. Like, it was a job that needed to be done minimum of three to four people or even five people who are well experienced in this particular area to produce the same results my competitors were producing. If the customer asks for a very basic site, I mean, yeah, a good site. Like, I wasn't saying a basic site. I know how to make a 10 out of 10 AI-made website or even a very 3D or something unique thing. I wasn't saying I couldn't able to find these brands. But let me tell you this, it is something must not be done by a single person with an AI help. There are some jobs that can be done with the help of AI and a single person. So, this is something I wanted to notice it. And the conclusion and the thing I come up to, what is the next step based on this, what I learned from, is that's what I wanted to tell you. Just process this. , Yeah, so the time constraint, a lot of things were inside of a big project to get the visualization and things like that. Even if I could be able to get the, produce the result, it is not a right thing to do by myself because the things I can do by myself is actually small jobs, not a big project. And I realized that big projects are where the big money is. And I don't actually need a big team to produce the same thing. There is a client to customer communicators needed to be there, and many other things are needed to be there to make it happen. So the conclusion I came up to was, I was doing cold calls, I was trying to convince them, there is follow-ups, relationship building, understanding client's requirements, with less stress to them to produce a brand level convenience. Like, if I was trying to do it all by myself, the client most likely going to think, I should not have given this job to this person, and they are probably going to be satisfied in the outcome, but the amount of work. Like, the client have to do a lot of work for me to get this job done, which is something they are not willing to do because they expect for the money they were paying, they don't have to work a lot, have I need to do the work for themselves. So, why I was continuing in the same topic again and again is, no matter how I think, I wasn't convinced that this is not going to be done by a single person. Even if it was done by a single person, I can maximum do one or two projects, and even that is going to be fully occupied by myself. So the conclusion I came up to was, for the money you are getting, is it worth it to do it? Actually, no. Actually, super no. Highly a no. Because what is the project I could able to get? Let's say it was a 40,000 project or 50,000 rupees project. The amount of stress it going to put on me, and the time limit, let's say for me to do a 50,000 project or a 40,000 project, it going to take me around two months at least. For every single day I am going to prompt them, or going to put in a lot of time, and a lot of work is going to be there. Let's say instead of getting a 50,000 project, why not a 5,000 rupees project or 10,000 rupees project? And it going to take the same amount of time. Like I have to go through the problem of refusals, and I was also doing cold calling. I was at the best job to do myself is actually running ads and making sure what I can do. So the final solution I came up to was, cold calling but to businesses who are already doing that. Like do the freelancing thing, which is already I was doing, but you have secured a job, right? You have to be selective with who you are going to work. So you can cold call a lot of small businesses, I can fix your bugs, I can fix issues that you couldn't able to do it before. You could, if you want, you can pay me based on the project price and based on the issue based. Because you probably not going to have issues all the time, right? Even if you had it, it some of the days are like, I am more trustworthy, and I could able to solve the problem. If I was confident in it, I could able to tell you that I could solve this problem. So you could just occur me based on when you have the problems or issues or whatever the thing you want to do. And I will tell you what are the requirements I need, what is the time limit I need. These companies probably going to have two people or even three more people who are like me with them, and also a designer with them, and also a communicator with the client with them. At least three or four more people who are not with me is going to be with them. The best thing I can do is, get into these type of businesses, try to get high paying jobs or acquire money by this way, so that in a long enough time period, I can even go to abroad type of, not only India, because of my communication. If I was good or something, whatever, if I could able to do it, I can go to do freelancing for other country people also. By that way, I can make a lot more money than usual. And the target is simple. Just do cold calls for Indian companies right now, get some jobs. When you had enough traction and paid based on the work you are doing, you can gain experience and also know how they were doing. And it was very less stressful job because you can do a very particular thing at the best level as possible. And when you had enough traction, the more you are getting traction, the more selective you can be when time goes on. So do cold calls to businesses, ask for them a freelancing job, and tell them I could able to finish this particular job if you want me. And you can give me very specific job if you couldn't able to, like you probably had an already working team or employee there. But if you need any urgency or deadline is getting in the end of the day, you don't have to get another customer, I mean another employee. You just can call me and I will share the work with them. And if I was available, I will give you a promise within the time you were expecting me by checking myself, the calendar or the things I was available. Just building relationship with these companies. By that way, I can occasionally get into them to do a job and also generating an extra income. And if I could able to build this relationship, make this thing at the sides, and also trying to do foreign clients by reaching out them with emails or WhatsApp exchange, or even if I put a recharge to a cold call way, I just genuinely little by little try to move myself to foreign-based companies so that I get paid even $1,000 or $2,000, which is a very good pay. After that, if I was getting that much amount of money, I just genuinely easily can acquire more. There is two ways for me in that area. Just process this, I will tell you more.