I think the best way to journal this is by creating sectors where you have to decide based on what I was giving in, giving the things into. And I also think about the thing is why we are failing is, why I was failing is, I'm just forgetting about a lot of things. And I was actually accumulating a lot of very useful information. And later on I was just forgetting. It could be ideas, it could be any progress or something that I was working on. So it's your, I just dump my everything, every conversation, everything in it. And you have to split it in sectors and make sure, just record it as I said. And also you have to process the thing, how I am going to represent it so it can be helpful to him to see everyday progress and what are the things that was going on inside of his lifestyle, okay. Why I was doing it is because every time I was starting a new day, I wasn't actually starting from the past day, right. Like the everyday I wasn't, I wanted to do a single stuff for an extended period of time. So there is two things I wanted to planning on. One is trading content and also another one is creating a software or a business page where I help businesses to, where I am hoping to give support to businesses out there. So the plan, let's say what is the grand plan and how we going to reach it. So for the sustainable money I have my main job, and the second thing is my software company. I wanted to grow it for sure. I don't want to skip anything in it because a little bit of good enough time is what we need. And the third thing is the trading thing, which is a very important thing, okay. The overall goal of this entire project is within July 17, 2027, I need to reach a point of making a crore rupees somehow. So the best option for me I was looking at right now is running ads is a very good option. But I was thinking about heavily working on the product and also the content, which is a free source. And I also think instead of bleeding on paying money for ads, organic content is much more valuable than paying content. But we also have to test, experiment because paying ads actually needs a lot of money to spend on it. So it is not a good option to find a highly converting thing. And the idea is just do this for next three, four months at least without spending anything on ads or anywhere else. Just build the product, be consistent about the product, and you have an idea about what people are thinking, how to reach it, what is the best campaign. You probably, if you are working for the next four months on both the product and also the service and also the content, you probably know a lot about this particular stuff. So you have to learn and also put it outside there how to accumulate the right amount of customers in the both niches, which is my own business, which is software support, which is hanubish.com. The second thing is fxabsolute.com, which is a trading thing. Both of these have to be having both of these, which is marketing and also a very good quality product. The idea here is do this for at least four months where you can discover a lot of things, and go heavy on the organic thing because you don't have high money to test on ads. Even though it was not that much of expensive thing to do ads, it is always better to find out which content is performing well and good enough followers in the background so that even if we run the ads on someone's page, which we can already know that what is the highly converted video and use it as an ad itself. So this is the idea, right? Just process this, and I will tell you more. , And I also had the fear of just talking, rambling and rambling, not doing any actions, because ideas are always a wonderful thing to just wonder about, but actions are that actually makes the difference. So, but I feel like if you are not wondering about ideas, based on my experience, if you are just trying to do stuff instead of thinking about it or speak about it, speaking about it actually makes a lot of difference. That is something I realized a lot, because if you are thinking inside of your brain, it goes away super fast and it wasn't recorded anywhere or used again somehow. So that we actually need this data to be recorded, and it is, the main purpose of this is, instead of finding something new or creating something new, you have to be reminded a lot about the ideas or about your thought process or about your figuring out thing, because when you are facing a wall, it is what that going to be helpful, but if everything is just experienced and stored in your mind, it is not going to be that much of a forceful enough thing to be reminded. But if it was really from a real world, which is from your voice, and it is not lost, not lost means both the thought process and also the real-time actions and real-time daily life of mine, so that I can figure out for an entire year where I was doing the mistakes and what I need to change. And I just wanted to work on a single project, which is Anubis.com for tech support, the second thing is trading, and the third thing is my main job. So these are the three things we have to work on, and creating sectors for this particular thing is actually useful enough. Just process this. I will tell you about my findings about content creation, so that we can consistently journal it and consistently move on in the direction to find out what works and what does not works. , Okay, let me tell you, we are working on the content for trading, right? I have six years of experience in trading, and I have already decided about what topic we need to talk about in that particular content area to create and put idea into it. So, reactive trading is the main topic because that's what my six years of experience told me. We are not changing that. But it also gives me a fear of, we are talking about students and building an academy, right? If we are completely focusing on one thing which is creating reactive trading means, it actually makes a lot of sense. But the people who needed guidance actually couldn't be able to understand it because that was six years of experience accumulated in a single area. So, the idea here is, you don't actually need to overwhelm the beginners because those are the people we are actually trying to help with. Meaning, your product needed to be reactive trading, but your content needed to be attracting the people who are super beginners. Meaning, you have to mix the content. Meaning, one is trying to cover the beginners, one of the content is trying to talk about your product. So, you are talking about your product, improvising it, and also the other thing is finding a very banger type of beginner information video. These are the two types we are going to create in the trading niche. And what I, the content format I was trying to do is, we don't have visuals, right? And I think AI is a very good option because editing by manually is actually going to overwhelm my device. And also, it is much more easier way to do it by that way using AI videos. So far I am using Google Studio V03 AI model and there is limitations to it. But I think it has good enough limitations to create at least one video using multiple accounts. Just remember it. And it has some daily usage credit limit there. So, you can create multiple things, free credits again and again. I have to check on it. Just remember it. Even if it wasn't, we have to figure out some other AI model. But it is the work for tomorrow, not for today. Okay, we have figured out what is the video format, right? Based on that only we can able to do the scripts. Why we are choosing these type of video AI creation is, I am going to get the best way to do it, the content is by just get some influencer who has a very unique style that you love. Maybe three or five people. Max go for this type of three or four people or five people. And take some of their highly performing videos. And just letter by letter, word by word, script their same script, get the same script, same visuals and everything. But change it, tune it to your own content and see what happens. And I think it is not going to get that much of views in it, but it is a very good point to start. Instead of just wondering about what to create or things, we are trying to reduce the frictions here. That's what really matters. So, it is very easy for us to get the script and also plan about the visuals from another niche person who is doing very well in the educational area. And we just replicate it and do it for ourselves and do it for an enough period of time. Even though if you couldn't able to get the same amount of reaches as them, there is a very high possibility this type of content could get some views on it. So, this is the plan for it. And this is the content I was trying to do. I also wanted to give an update about this. The time right now is 8 o'clock and I finished my dinner. Meaning, the rest of the time is going to be fully available for me to work on the product, work on the content creation I was thinking about. And that's it. And I also told you, right, honeybees.com SEO needed to be done. So, create a reminder section. This is for you, Claude. What you have to do is, in the main site, where I can visually see what are the points I have mentioned, just to reminder section and like if I told you to remind me something tomorrow or today, these are the tasks that needed to be done. So that I can just, instead of thinking about it or forgetting about it, I can just jump on to next upcoming tasks again and again. It was going to be like next 4 hours or next 5 hours what I am going to do and what is my mental energy and things like that. So, this is for you, Claude. You have to figure out things and you have to remind me somehow in the website. So think about it and create it visually on the site so that it can be helpful to me. , dont forget about july 17 2027 , one crore inr rupees thats the overall goal
